So I think it's a beautiful gown.
It's a beautiful gown.
I think it's a beautiful gown.
It's beautiful.
I'm terrible.
I just like to say it's like she was still in her room.
I'm sorry.
I can't stress this.
That's not my fault.
Oh.
What is wrong with you?
Do you really hate me that much?
I'm just on in your game, Mr. Reinclaire.
Shouldn't you be back at your engagement party?
Your sister's surgery is scheduled for Monday.
Dr. Johnson is handling it.
He's the best.
That's soon?
Don't you want me to finish my mission first?
I could push it back.
That's what you want.
No.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Reinclaire.
Call me by my name.
Like you do with Harrison.
Sebastian.
Come back to my forces in Sweden.
Now.